Update README.md (#174)
JupiterOne/data-model: README.md

consistency in the data we ingest. See the
[Integration SDK](https://github.com/JupiterOne/integration-sdk) for functions
that make this easy to do.

## Entities and Relationships

The data model is built for a knowledge graph -- entities and relationships, or
nodes and edges -- that reflects the stateful representation of the cyber
infrastructure and digital operations of an organization.

The schema for each entity and relationship describes a collection of common
attributes for that specific abstract class, along with graph object metadata
as described in [`GraphObject.json`](/src/schemas/GraphObject.json).

The data model combines the benefit of having vendor/provider specific attributes
together with abstract/normalized attributes. The vendor/provider specific
attributes are dynamically assigned and not defined by the data model. 

## The Concept of `_type` and `_class`

Each entity represents an actual operating element (a "thing") that is part of an organization's
cyber operations or infrastructure. This "thing" can be either physical or logical.

> The metadata attributes `_type` and `_class` are used to defined what the asset is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The metadata attributes `_type` and `_class` are used to define what the asset is:
```

- `_type`: The value is a single string typically in the format of `${vendor}_${resource}`
  or `${vendor}_${product}_${resource}` in `snake_case`.

  > For example: `aws_instance`, `google_cloud_function`, `apple_tv`, `sentinelone_agent`

  It is important to note that in some cases, `${vendor}_${resource}` may not be ideal or feasible. 

>   Here are some exceptions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  For example, we may have directory data that comes in from an HR integration such as

>   BambooHR or Rippling. The `Person` entity being created should have `_type: 'employee'` 
>   `_type: 'contractor'` rather than `_type: 'bamboohr_employee'` or `_type: 'bamboohr_contractor'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  BambooHR or Rippling. The `Person` entity being created should have `_type: 'employee'` or
  `_type: 'contractor'` rather than `_type: 'bamboohr_employee'` or `_type: 'bamboohr_contractor'`.
```

>   Another exception is for data that comes from integration with another ITSM or system, or another
>   asset discovery tool, device management tool, or CMDB. While the system might be a good "source 
>   of truth" or "system or record", they are not the actual vendor of those devices. Here are some 
>   examples:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Another exception is data that comes from an integration with another ITSM, asset discovery tool,
  device management tool, or CMDB. While a system might be a good "source of truth" or "system
  of record," they are not the actual vendor of those devices.
```

  
  - If a server or application is ingested from **ServiceNow**, the `_type` should *not* be
    `servicenow_server` or `servicenow_application`. 

>   - If a Cisco switch is ingested from **Rumble** or **Netbox**, the `_type` shoule be
>     `cisco_switch` instead of `rumble_switch` or `netbox_device`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If a Cisco switch is ingested from **Rumble** or **Netbox**, the `_type` should be
    `cisco_switch` instead of `rumble_switch` or `netbox_device`. 
```

  - If a smartphone/mobile device is managed by Google Workspace and ingested via the integration,
    the `_type` for the device should *not* be `google_mobile_device` because the device could be

>     and Apple iPhone and it would be very confusing to call an iPhone a Google mobile device. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    an Apple iPhone and it would be very confusing to call an iPhone a Google mobile device. 
```

>     Instead, it should be `apple_iphone` (if we know what it is), or just using a generic value of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Instead, it should be `apple_iphone` when the type of device is known or a generic value of
```

    `mobile_device`.

- `_class`: The value is a string or string array in `TitleCase` using a generic

>   IT or Security terminology to describe the higher level category of the asset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  IT or Security term to describe the higher level category of the asset.
```
